I spoke to Everton in the morning mm-hmm
Arthur Cox called me and said that
evident avid 2.9 million for you 2.9
million for the Saunders so I went and
spoke to Howard Kendall that was
interesting not as interesting as Brian
Clough and it picture the scene so I've
got to go meet him at Allan Hills house
on the 852 in Nottingham so he's got a
clock yeah four o'clock three bedroom
detached house me and my agent Kevin
Mason who looks like Robbie Coltrane
just get the picture he's a ringer for
cracker so we walk in gaffers on his way
from the ground he'll be here in five
minutes
so we sit down in the lounge it's the
best garden you've ever seen the back
gardens perfect we sit down to set the
Archie Gemmill cup of tea next thing
knock on the door gaffers here yeah
Brian Clough walked in green sweatshirt
white shorts white socks blotchy cheeks
walks in I stand up I was obviously a
bit nervous it's Brian Clough yeah young
man nice to see you nice to meet you mr.
Clough looks at Kevin my agent Saund
doesn't even shake his hand we sit down
and he walks up the opposite end of the
house sits on the chair with his Knaus
about an inch from the wall looking at
the wall I was thinking what's he doing
and he doesn't say anything for about a
minute and we just sat there and all of
a sudden II went Shawn's just down at
the wall and he went Saund can I speak
to you or do I have to speak to him to
speak to you I said you can speak to me
mr. Clough he went thank you son because
I don't really like talking about
football in front of him cuz he's a fat
so so I burst out laughing Kevin's not
laughed so at this point he slid off the
arm of the chair onto his knees on the
floor and he's sitting back on his heels
going I've got bad knees on my knees my
knees are killing me
and he starts crawling on his hands and
knees towards me I was up the other end
of the house he's crawling on the floor
I'm thinking what I can't believe what's
going on to British record transfer this
is supposed to be and he stops looks at
the carpet and he went le right your
carpets
he said when she get that from
you ain't carpet right how much you
ain't $12.99 a square yards if you went
my Barbara would love that
good choice Elise on at this point they
started to work out he might be drunk he
crawls up to me and he said he's like
rolls he's crawling on his hands and
knees and he looked so I hope the patio
doors the best garden ever and he
spotted and he sits back on his heels he
goes my knees what a lovely garden
did you like flowers son he said to me
giant flowers I went there all right he
went and gone don't move he goes outside
gets this pot this is the best pot
you've ever seen with flowers spilling
out of this pot he's trying to get his
hands on the OL lot to get him out Ellie
runs out behind in me wait for no that's
my best pot don't pull him out he went
Billy you ruin in the deal son the lad
likes flowers so he gets a handful of
flowers give them to me
it goes on ages this story by the way
it's hilarious no two hours make it
longer anyway he comes in with the
flowers and he went smelling that song
smelling what you think and smelt the
flowers he went I love flowers
Jake Frank I went Frank ooh he went
Frank Sinatra he said early pop Frank on
that Lake Frank Sinatra my kind of town
Chicago comes on he gets the flowers out
his pocket he says getting in my
accounts on get your mic on cuz he puts
them in my jacket pocket I said what you
mean you ain't getting in my account so
I get the flowers out my pocket as my
mic I'm now singing the chorus to Frank
Sinatra my kind of town Chicago one
British right record transfer in Allen
ills also see what's going on so he
sings a song all the way through yeah I
was going to Chicago aways I'm saying
they can all sing where you come from he
goes right now then you like Frank you
like flowers
generate me some big question for you do
you like me
I had to say yes then I said I can play
for you mr. coffee he went that's it
Italy we've got him he loves me he loves
bring the contract Kevin who hasn't said
a word my age and it opens his mouth oh
he said actually mr. Clough we got a few
things to discuss before you've got him
he said who said you could speak fatso
so an elite fatso out in the garden I
can't talk about football in front of
him so he walks out the patio doors and
cliff he went some get yourself another
agent he said look at the size on him
I went he's my mate he said he's your
mate he'd eat everything in your fridge
so we sit back now Archie Gemmill says
right but what we gonna do gaff are we
gonna eat you said is it not none much
have you not done the dealer you rent no
he said what you been doing
he said well get on with it get on with
it so we sit on the patio outside
Archie again was got persuade me to sign
for Forrest yeah
and the Clough he sits down folds his
arms gone arch get it sorted yeah it
sort it's party game was Dean right I
know you spoke to have it in this
morning whatever you do don't be swayed
by the money Clough you ain't got to
stop me in there arch I would be the
other thing is Nigel son it'll create
you 20 goes a season on his own
got to stop you again their arch I'm
gonna tell our own ID you've said that
thank you for that I love that carry on
I don't know what we can offer him what
can we offer him you an arch he makes
flowers
he likes Frank and he loves me the lad
doesn't want any money do you son so I
thought how can I get out of it I've got
to get out of here somehow so I went
yeah I don't any money I got speak to my
wife though I've got to go speak to my
wife before I sign contract so went on
twelve miles away pulled over Kevin says
you better gone out of order calling me
fat how can he treat me with so little
respect you're not signing for them got
to my back door went in the back door
said to my wife you're not going to
believe what's happened to me today
when she went shhh it's putting a finger
on the lips Shh he's only sat in my land
with the pot from the gun with his
hammer on my mother-in-law probably
tried to sign me but it was the funniest
thing that's ever happened to me
[Music]
you